Improve README.md phrasing and added Foreman-tasks manual link (#657)
theforeman/foreman-tasks: README.md

-------------

Although, the history of tasks has an auditing value, some kinds of
tasks can rapidly increase. Therefore, there is a mechanism for

> how to clean the tasks which is done by using a rake command. When running without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cleaning up the tasks which is done by using a rake command. When running without
```

Author: Hey @ezr-ondrej! I like your suggested change of, "cleaning up the tasks which is done by using a rake command. When running without" and think it does smooth out the sentence structure.

> Although, the history of tasks has an auditing value, some kinds of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although the history of tasks has an auditing value, some kinds of
```

tasks can rapidly increase. Therefore, there is a mechanism for

> cleaning up the tasks which is done by using a rake command. When running without

Reviewer 2: it is better than it was, but you could simplify to:
```suggestion
cleaning up the tasks using a rake command. When running without
```

```
:foreman-tasks:
  :cleanup:

> # the period after which to delete all the tasks (by default all tasks are not being deleted after some period)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# the period after which to delete all the tasks (by default, all tasks are not deleted after some period)
```
